So we're going reporting seniors that are registered to give feedback
to you. You the junior boss, in this case, you're the junior all sir,
and you're carrying out daily mission. And you're getting crickets
from the chain of command. Okay, well, one thing crickets is usually
a sign off. You. You're okay. Because people will lay down like a
ton of Rex on personnel team members that are not performance. So in
this case, you know your hearing nothing. Well, is that bad or good?
First off, you might want to sit down. You're going to have formal
get togethers, either at morning quarters, eh? Eh, eh daily. Sit down
with the XO. Planning for training to be a t. You know, they'll be
official times beings, and you could just or launch, you know, one
of the meals. You can have a couple calling. Say so. I just wanna make
sure we're okay. You know this direction. I'm going in. I have heard
nothing back, so I'm gonna continue on course and speed told directs
otherwise, and I don't believe heading into the rocks. That's
always one way to do it. It's not necessarily a bad sign. If you're
not getting feedback. It's just in this day and age. Frankly, everyone's
busy. So you're not broke. I'm not gonna fix you. And therefore,
I'm not deviated. Be back for the most part, suspicion that so I don't
have to fix things that are broke before fixing in the bar. Feedback
say that's always the case bump saying You can operate that, but
you might want to check.